Introduction
==========

Welcome to Pycraft's new dedicated section to help with any questions and problems you may have about Pycraft. This is by no means a complete guide, and neither is it finished, however we hope that we can help you fix any problems and questions you may have. If we have missed anything, then this section is constantly being updated and adjusted, so let us know and we will happily make improvements based on your feedback! Please also note that, especially for the tutorial section, there will be dedicated tutorials for different platforms, currently we support Windows 10/11 and Linux (Ubuntu is our distro of choice for testing Pycraft on Linux) however if you have a problem on another platform, and wish to share how you fixed it, let us know and we will happily include that here as well for the convenience of others! 

Frequently seen problems
==========

Sometimes, when running Pycraft - usually immediately after installing it - you can occasionally run into problems, wether thats outdated versions of Python, Tkinter not being installed, or something isn't quite right with your drivers. Now sometimes, we will admit, the bug has more to do with Pycraft than anything else on your system, but over time we have been adapting and improving our debugging and testing regimes and this is becoming less of a significant factor. In 2021, we managed to comfortably half the amount of bugs we discovered in released versions of Pycraft, and did nearly that again in 2022. Now, this means that, whilst there is still more we could do - and are looking at doing - there are still sometimes problems that we cannot address through Pycraft. Some of these bugs can be related to platforms, and may only be present on Linux rather than Windows, and then only on some versions of Linux with some hardware configurations. Therefore these tutorials will try and explain the problem in detail, as well as what we believe the solution to be, and will occasionally discuss things we are planning on doing to address there problems although again, not all problems we can address through Pycraft. Now, these tutorials are designed to be as user friendly as possible, and include specific solutions to some problems that might vary based on your platform or Operating System.